PROSPERPINA

follow, accompany, escort.

Proserpina, -ae, a, wife of Pluto
aad quaen es the lower world. XIX

prosilio, -ui, —, -ire, 4, a, leap or
spring forwerd.

prospare, ada, prosperously‚ sue·
sessfnlly.

prosperus, -a, -um, adj, favorable,
fortunate, prosperous3 propi-
tious3 subet, ra, good fortune,
prosperity.

prb-sterno, -stravi, -stratus, -ere,
3, a, spread out, cast down; over-
whelm, destroy, crush.

pro-sum, -fui, prodesse, irr, a,
be useiul, do good, beneflt, profit.

pro-teudo, —‚ -tus, -ere‚ 3, a,
stretch out, extend.

protinus, adu, ouward; coutinu-
ously3 immediately.

pro-veho, -vexi, -vectus, -ere, 3,
(a, carry forward3 paea, advanee,
sail.

providentia, -αθ, ra, providende.

provincia, -αθ, Μ, province;
,charge3 employmeut; sphere oi
action.

pro-voco,1,a.,u., eall forth, sum·
mon3 challenge; appeal τος stir
up, reuse.

proxime, ado.. nearest, next, near
by3 last before.

290

QUAM

pudor, -oris, u, shame, sen'se oi
ριιῐέᾕῗιῖ-αο, r.‚girl; young woman.

puer, -1, Μ., boy, young man.

puerilis, ·c‚ adj, boyish‚ youthful.

pueritia, ·ae‚ Μ, boyhood, youth.
pugio, -6uis, u, short dagges,
poniard.

pugna, -αθ, Μ, hand to hand fight,
battle3 contest, disputa, quarrel.

pugnax, -aciS, adj, warlike, mar·
tial.

pugno, 1, u, fight, contend; op-
pose, resist.

pulcher, -chra, -chrum, adj, beau·
tifu13 excellent, noble, glorious. '

pulchritudo, -inis, r, beauty.

pulvis, -eris‚ Μ, duat.

pungo, pupugi, punctus, -ere, 3,

aazias

a· 9· 9 u
ian, Punic.

punio, 4, a, punish, chastise,
avenge.

purge, 1, α, purity, make clean3
excuse, iustiiy3 refute.

puto, 1, a, think, consider, sup
pose.

Pyrenaeus, -a, -um, adj, of the
Pyranees; subet, pl, na, tha Pyre·
neeths. XXII 14. Ml,c4.

Pyrrhus, -i, Μ, kiap of Epirus.

proximus, -a, -um, adj, sup. os , Q

propior,nearest,next31atest,last;

following; subet, pl, Μ., bystand-

ers: neighbors; scebet, sina, ra,
neighborhood, vicinity.
prudens, -entis, adj, experienced,
prudent, intelligent, wise,shrewd.
prudentia, -αθ, a, foresight, pru·
dence, wisdomaskill, cantion.
psittacus, -i, Μ, parrot.

Q, abbr. sor auinaue, a Roman
praenomen.

quadragesimus, -a, -um, adj, for-
tietb.

quadraginta, uum. adj, forty.

quadrigae, -arum, pl, a, four·
horse team.

quaere, quaesivi, -situs, -ere, a,

Ptolemaeus, -i, Μ, Ptolemy, leinq α, seek, hunt3 desire, demand3

· os qupt. XXX 130.

make inquiry, ask.

publice, adu, pnblicly‚ by order of quaestor, -6ris, Μ, quaestor, a Re·

the state, officially.

publice, 1, α, make public, publish,

open to the public.

maa maqistrula
quaestura, -αθ, a, quaestorship.
qualis, -ο, adj, inter, of what kind?

publicus, -a, -um, adj, public, oi rel, ol such a kind, such as, as.

the people, official; subet, siaa,

ra, state treasury; public.

qualiscumque,qualecumque,adj.,
of whatever kind, oi any sort.

Publius, -i, aa, ubba, 1², Roman quam, ada, rel, in what manner,

praenomen.

how, how much; eccl, how! how

 

