Q

κ ’τὶ-

ars ’

MONEO

mones), 2, α, remind, admonish, ¹

advisa, warn, teach; predict, fore-
tell.

monitum, ·r'rs, ιι, werning, admoni-
tion, couusel.

mima, mentis, ιι, mountain.

mdnstrum, -i, ιι, portent, monster.

mora, ·ae, ι, delay, policy of delay.

morbuS, -i, ιι, sickness, disease.

moriens, ·entis, adj. (part. os
morior), dying, falling.

morior, mortuus, -ῑ, aad -iri, sur.
part, ·itrirus, 3, dep, tr, die.

moror, 1, dep, a, α, delay, hindar,
impede.

mors, mortis, r, death.

morsus, ·r'rs, ιι, bite, pain.

mortalis, -e, adj, martel, humum
srrbst, ιι, man, mortal.

mortuus, ·a, ·um‚ adj. (part. of'
morior), dead; stabat, ιι, dead
man.

mes, mdriS, ιι, habit, cust om; pl,
conduct, cust oms, character.

metus,- -us, ιι, movement; disturb-
ance, tumult, insurrection.

mdtus, -ιι, ·um‚ adj. (pori. os
moveri), moved, disturbed.

moves), movi, metus, ·ere, 2, a,
stir, move; remove, expel, dis-
turb‚ torment, affect3 cause, com·
menae, break; induce.

mox, ade, soon, presently3 there-
upon, next, afterwards.

Mucius, -ῑ, ιι, qettiile trama os 0.
Muciusseaevola. XI 1.

Mucius, -e, ·um‚ adj, of Mucius.

mucre, ·onis, ιι, swerd.

muliebriter, adra, like a woman.

mulier, -eris, r, women, wife.

muliercula, ·ae, ι, little woman;
mere woman, girl.

mdlid, ·bnis, ιι, mule-driven

multiplex, ·icis, adj, manifold,
many, various, numerous.

multituda, ·inis, r, multitude,
throug; the multitude, the com-
mon people,

multe, ada, by much, much,

multd, 1, α, punish, fine.

multum, ada, much, great-ly, very.

multus, -a, ·um‚ adj, comp, plus,
sap, plarimus, much, pt, many,

nrvrnrs

a great number of3 sabat, pl, u,
manli people; pt, ‚n many things,
mue .

munditia, ·ee, s, cleanliness, neat·
nees, elegance.

munia, -drum, ιι, pl, duties.

municipium, -i, ιι, a free town.

muniri, 4, α, fortify, strengthen,
defend3 make, build.

manitus, -a‚ ·um‚ adj. (part. os
munic),fortified, defended, pro·
tected.

munus, ·eris, ra, service, office,
function, duty; present, gift.

muraena, -αθ, ι, a kind of seu·
fish.

mutue, ῑ-,.ιι, wall, city wall

mus, muriam ιι, mouse.

l Mutina, -ae, ιι, α etta XXXV 10

M3,c2.

l Mutiriensis,- -θ, adj, oforat Muti·

lla

mutini, α, move, remove· ,change
alter· ,interchange

mutuus· ·a, um, adj mutual. ⁴

N.

nam, eotrj, for. now, seeing that,
inasmuch as, because.

nam-que, conj, for, for insectanti
in fact, inasmucb aa.

nanciscor, nectua-1, 3, dep, a,
get, obtain; meet with, find.

nerrb,1, a, repert, tell, say3 re-
count, describe.

nascor, uetus, ·i, 3, dep, a, be
born, be produced, spring from;

l erise, grew, darive origin.

Nisica, -ae, ιι, family notre of P.
cornelius Scipio Nasica Sere-
pic. XXVI 25.

nasus, -i, ιι, nose.

natio, -dniS, ι, nation, race, tribe.

natura, ·ae, r, nature, character,
disposition.

natus, -a, ·um‚ adj. (part of nd-
scor), born, arisen, sprung sr0m;
old, of age3 occurring3 sabat, n..
son.

(natue, -ust, ιι, only itt abl. aino,
birth, age, years.

naufragium, -i, ιι, ehipwreek.

Ι navalis, -e, adj, nuval.

 

