f)

d.

298

SIMUhAGRUM

simulacrum, ·i, n, image, statue, i
figure, representation.

simulo, 1, a, make like, represeut;
pretend, ieign.

simultas, -stis, n, eumity, rivalry‚
grudge‚ jealouey, hatred.

sin, σοφή, bnt if, if however.

eine, prep. w. abl, without.

singularis, -e, adj, one by one,
single, solitary; remarkable, sin·
gular, extraordinary.

singuli, -ee, ·e, num. adj, one at a
time, single, singlp, alone, sepa-
rate, individual.

sinister, ·tra, ·trum, adj, left, on
the left3 in Roman arrpmp, feror·
able.

sinus, ·iie, m, fold3 bosom3 bay,
guli.

sisto, stiti, statue, -ere, 3, a,
place, bring, produce, present.

situs, -e, ·um‚ adj. (part os einh),
placed, situated.

eitue,-1ie,rr., situation, site.

sinerer seu.

sebriue, -8, ·um‚ adj, sober3 tem-
perate3 seli-possessed. -

socer, ·eri, rr, father-in-law.

socialis, ·e, adj, social.

societas, ·etiS, re, fellowship, asso·
ciation, intercourse, society; al·
lienes, confederacy.

socii), 1, a, unite, associate, share,
divide.

sociae, -i‚ rr, comrade, ally, accom-

lice.

schabe, ·ie, adj, companionable,
sociable3 subet, rr, r., friends,
companions, associatae.

sel, solis, rr, the eun,

soleo, -, solitus, -ere, 2., semidep,
n, use, bc accustomed.

solidus, -e, ·um‚ adj, solid, sub-
stantial, genuine, real.

solitarius, ·a, ·um‚ adj, lonely,
solitary.

solitudo, -inis, re, solitudo, desert,
wilderness.

solitum, -i, a. (part. ossolet), the
usual, the customary. ·

solitus, -a, ·um‚ adj, wonted, ac-
customed, usual, habitual.

solium, ·i, u, cheir, seat, throne. ξ
sollicito, 1, α, dietnrb, ronse, urge. y

SPONDEO

sollicitae, -a, ·um‚ adj, troubled,
resiless3 sensitiva, alive io.

eblum, adu, alone, only, merely.

solue, -a, ·um‚ pen, soliano-cij,
alone, only, single, eole3 solitary,
forsaken, deserted.

solvo, solvi, solutus, -ere, 3, α,
loosen, nnbind, uniasten3 untie,

datach, let down3 releaee; dis· .

perse; pay; raise; relax, break.

somnium, ·i, n, dream.

somnus, -i, n, sleep.

sonitus ·iie, m.‚ noise, aonnd.

sopio, 4, ca, make nnconscious, put
to eleep.

soror, -oris, r, sister.

sordrius, ·a, ·um‚ adj, of a sister,
sister’a

sore, sortis, ra, lot, fate, destiny.

sortior, 4, dep, a, α., cast lots3 as-
sign or obtain by lot, ellot.

spargo, -si, ·sue, -ere, 3, a, scat-
ter, caat.

spatium, ·i, n, space, room, er-
tent, distance; time, interval.

species, no pen, ra, eight, appear·
ance3 show, semblence, pretence,
pretext, color.

spectaculum, -i, r.. show, sight,
spectacle; public ehow, sight.

spectator, -oriS, m., observet, spec-
tator.

specto, 1, α, look at, see, watch,
observe; test, prore, indge.

speculator, ·r'rrie, rr, scout, spy.

speculor, 1, dep, m, epy ont, watch,
observa, examine, explora.

speculum, -i, n, mirror.

sperne, sprevi spretus, -ere, 3, α,
despise, spnrn, ecorn, reject.

eperd, 1, a, hope, look for, expect.

spes, ·ei‚ r., hope, expectation.

spiritue,-1ie‚ n, breath; disposi-
tion, character3 spirit, courage,
pride, hanghtiness

splendor, -ὀτίε, Μ, splendor3 emi-
nence, dignity.

spolie, 1, a, strip, nncover, bare,
rob, plunder, pillage.

spolium, -i, ra, booty, spoil.

spondeo, spopondi, sponsus, ·ere‚
2, sa, promise solemnly, pledge,
vow; agree, promise; betroth.

 

